
                                KITCHEN
                            _Tested Recipes_
                           FROM CANNED FOODS


    [Illustration: A Guide to Common Can Sizes]

                       A Guide to Common Can Sizes

 No. ¼ FLAT CAN     4¾ oz.                Used for various meat
                    approximately ½ cup   spreads, such as ham, tongue
                                          and liver.
 No. ½ FLAT CAN     7¾ oz.-8½ oz.         Used principally for salmon.
                    approximately 1 cup
 No. 1 TALL CAN     12 to 16 oz.          Used for salmon, fruit
                    approximately 2 cups  cocktail and fruits for salad.
 No. 2 CAN          1 lb. 2 oz. to 1 lb.  Used primarily for
                    8 oz.                 vegetables, fruits and juices.
                    approximately 2½ cups
 No. 2½ CAN         1 lb. 10 oz. to 2     Used mainly for fruits.
                    lbs. 3 oz.            Spinach, tomatoes,
                    approximately 3½ cups sauerkraut, beets and pumpkin
                                          are also packed in it.
 No. 3 CYLINDER CAN 1 qt. 14 fluid oz.    Used primarily for fruit and
                    approximately 5¾ cups vegetable juices and contains
                                          46 or 47 ounces.
 No. 10 CAN         6 lbs. to 8 lbs.      Used for vegetables and
                    approximately 13 cups fruits. Commonly called
                                          institutional or restaurant
                                          size and is not ordinarily
                                          available in retail stores.


_KITCHEN TESTED RECIPES FROM CANNED FOODS_

_Preparing attractive, nutritious meals for the family is an aim in
every home._

To those who know the economy, convenience, and nutritive value of
commercially canned foods, this booklet of recently created and
developed recipes from the Canco Testing Kitchen will be a source for
new appetizing dishes. To the many who are establishing new homes and
planning and preparing meals for the first time, this booklet will
provide the needed recipes for the daily menus, whether they be simple
or elaborate.

The use of commercially canned foods saves many hours in the preparation
of fruits, vegetable, fish and meats, and also assures no waste.




                          _TABLE OF CONTENTS_


                                _SOUPS_
      Purée Mongole                                                    3
      Corn and Tomato Chowder                                          3
      Fish Tomato Stew                                                 3


                                 _FISH_
      Jellied Salmon Mold                                              5
      Baked Salmon with Dressing                                       5
      Lobster Bisque                                                   5
      Creole Fish Pie                                                  6
      Southern Shrimp                                                  6
      Tuna and Apple Salad                                             6
      Deviled Sardines                                                 7


                              _VEGETABLES_
      Savory Vegetables                                                9
      Broiled Corn                                                     9
      Carrot and Rice Croquettes                                       9
      Creole Hamburger and Bean Pie                                   10
      Asparagus Croquettes                                            10
      Cheese Sauce                                                    10
      Bean Stew                                                       11
      Sweet Potato Scones                                             12
      Baked Spinach and Corn                                          12
      Spinach                                                         12
      Pork Chops Creole                                               13
      Julienne Beets with Horseradish Sauce                           13
      Asparagus Luncheon Rolls                                        13


                                _FRUITS_
      Fruit Dessert Rolls                                             15
      Spiced Fruits                                                   15
      Golden Fruit Punch                                              15
      Cranberry and Raisin Pie                                        16
      Fruit Custard                                                   16
      Soft Custard                                                    16
      Pumpkin Whip                                                    17

    [Illustration: Soups]


_PURÉE MONGOLE_

  1 No. 1 can Condensed Tomato Soup
  1 No. 1 can Condensed Green Pea Soup
  2⅔ cups Milk
  1 cup ½-inch Bread Cubes
  2 tablespoons Margarine or Butter

Mix soups together in saucepan; add milk, stirring until well blended.
Heat thoroughly. Sauté bread cubes in fat until delicately browned;
serve as garnish. Thinly sliced celery may also be used as garnish.
                                                       _4 to 6 Servings_


_CORN AND TOMATO CHOWDER_

  2 slices Bacon or Salt Pork
  1 medium-sized Onion, sliced
  2 tablespoons Green Pepper
  1 No. 2½ can Tomatoes
  1 No. 2 can Cream Style Corn
  1 teaspoon Salt
  ¼ teaspoon Thyme
  Dash of Pepper

Cut bacon into ½-inch slices. Sauté bacon, onions and green pepper in
large saucepan. Add tomatoes; mix well. Add corn; season with salt,
thyme and pepper. Cover; simmer for 20 minutes.
                                                       _6 to 8 Servings_


_FISH TOMATO STEW_

  3 medium-sized Potatoes (1½ cups cubed)
  4 tablespoons Fat
  ⅓ cup chopped Onions
  2 tablespoons Green Pepper
  1 No. 2 can Tomato Juice
  1 cup Water
  1 teaspoon Salt
  ⅛ teaspoon Pepper
  Dash of Thyme
  1 7-oz. can Fish Flakes

Pare and cube potatoes; sauté with onions in fat until lightly browned.
Add green pepper, tomato juice, water, salt, pepper and thyme. Cook
until potatoes are tender. Add fish flakes. Simmer for 5 minutes.
                                                            _4 Servings_

    [Illustration: Jellied salmon mold]


_JELLIED SALMON MOLD_

  2 tablespoons plain Gelatin
  ½ cup Cold Water
  ½ teaspoon Salt
  Dash of Pepper
  ¼ teaspoon Worcestershire Sauce
  1 Bay Leaf
  1 No. 2 can Tomato Juice
  2 tablespoons Lemon Juice
  1 7-oz. can Salmon
  1 tablespoon chopped Onion
  ½ cup chopped Celery
  2 hard cooked Eggs

Soften gelatin in cold water. Add salt, pepper, Worcestershire sauce and
bay leaf to tomato juice; heat to boiling point. Remove bay leaf; add
lemon juice. Pour hot seasoned tomato juice over gelatin. Stir until
dissolved. Chill gelatin mixture until slightly thickened. Flake salmon,
mix with onion, celery and chopped eggs. Fold mixture into thickened
gelatin. Rinse 8-inch ring mold or individual molds in cold water; pour
in gelatin mixture. Chill until firm. Unmold on platter; garnish with
crisp lettuce and watercress.
                                                       _6 to 8 Servings_

  Note: _1 No. 2 can Tomato Juice Cocktail may be substituted for Tomato
  Juice and seasonings._


_BAKED SALMON WITH DRESSING_

  1 1-lb. can Salmon
  2 cups soft Bread Crumbs
  ¼ teaspoon Pepper
  ½ teaspoon Poultry or Fish Seasoning
  2 teaspoons minced Onion
  2 teaspoons chopped Parsley
  2 teaspoons chopped Pickles
  3 tablespoons Butter or Margarine, melted
  ¼ cup Milk

Drain salmon, reserving 2 tablespoons liquor; break into large pieces.
Place in bottom of medium-sized shallow casserole; add salmon liquor.
Mix together remaining ingredients; spread over salmon. Bake in a
moderately hot oven at 400°F for about 20 minutes. Garnish with parsley.
                                                       _4 to 5 Servings_


_LOBSTER BISQUE_

  1 6-oz. can Lobster (1 cup)
  3 tablespoons Butter
  1 quart Milk, with cream
  1½ teaspoons Salt
  Dash of Pepper
  Paprika

Drain lobster; cut in small pieces. Melt butter in top of double boiler;
add lobster; cook 3 minutes. Add milk, salt, and pepper. Heat almost to
boiling. Cover; place over hot water; let stand 30 minutes before
serving to develop best flavor. Sprinkle with paprika.
                                                          _Makes 5 cups_


_CREOLE FISH PIE_

  ⅓ cup sliced Onions
  ¼ cup Green Pepper strips
  1 tablespoon Butter or Margarine
  1 tablespoon Flour
  ¼ teaspoon Salt
  ½ No. 2½ can (1⅔ cups) Tomatoes
  1 7-oz. can Tuna Fish

Sauté onions and green pepper in butter or margarine for about 10
minutes, until soft. Stir in flour and salt, add tomatoes; cook for 10
minutes, stirring constantly. Drain fish; break into large pieces, and
place in bottom of greased shallow casserole. Cover with tomato mixture.
Sprinkle with corn flake crumbs or buttered bread crumbs; garnish top
with several of the cooked onion rings and pepper strips. Bake in a
moderate oven 350°F for 15 to 20 minutes until browned.
                                                       _3 to 4 Servings_


_SOUTHERN SHRIMP_

  1 No. 1 can Shrimp
  3 tablespoons uncooked Rice
  ½ teaspoon Salt
  ⅛ teaspoon Poultry Seasoning
  ⅛ teaspoon Celery Salt
  Dash of Pepper
  1 No. 1 can Mushroom Broth
  ½ cup Milk

Clean shrimp (if wet pack, omit salt from recipe). Cook rice in boiling,
salted water until tender; drain and rinse in cold water. Add rice,
salt, poultry seasoning, celery salt and pepper to mushroom broth and
milk in saucepan; heat to boiling. Add shrimp; heat thoroughly. Serve in
pastry shells, or over toast. Garnish with parsley.
                                                       _5 to 6 Servings_

  Note: _If thicker sauce is desired add 2 teaspoons flour mixed with
  small amount of milk and stir into mixture._


_TUNA AND APPLE SALAD_

  1 7-oz. can Tuna Fish
  2 medium-sized Red Apples
  ½ cup chopped Celery
  2½ tablespoons Salad Dressing
  2 tablespoons Lemon Juice
  ¼ teaspoon Salt
  Dash of Pepper

Flake tuna fish in a mixing bowl. Core and cut apples in ½-inch cubes to
make 1 cup; add to fish; add celery, salad dressing thinned with lemon
juice, salt and pepper. Mix lightly with a fork. Serve on crisp lettuce.
                                                            _4 Servings_

    [Illustration: Deviled Sardines]


_DEVILED SARDINES_

  1 3¼ oz. can Sardines in Oil
  2½ tablespoons melted Butter or Margarine
  3 tablespoons Flour
  2 teaspoons Prepared Mustard
  1 teaspoon grated Onion
  1 teaspoon Salt
  1 Clove
  1 Bay Leaf
  Dash of Pepper
  1½ cups Milk
  ½ cup chopped Celery
  2 hard-cooked Eggs, chopped
  ⅓ cup coarse Bread Crumbs

Drain sardines; cut in ¾-inch pieces. Make white sauce of 1½ tablespoons
butter or margarine, flour, seasonings and milk; remove clove and bay
leaf. Add celery and fold in eggs and sardines. Spread in a shallow
baking dish. Cover with crumbs buttered with remaining butter or
margarine. Bake in moderate oven 375°F for 15 minutes until top is
browned.
                                                            _4 Servings_

    [Illustration: Savory vegetables]


_SAVORY VEGETABLES_

  1 No. 2 can Vegetable (Peas or Green Beans or Spinach or Asparagus,
          etc.)
  ½ teaspoon Salt
  Butter or Margarine
  Seasonings

Drain liquid into a saucepan; boil quickly to reduce amount to about ½
to ⅓ cup. Add the vegetable; heat thoroughly. Add salt, butter or
margarine and seasonings to suit taste. Garnish and serve.
                                                       _4 to 5 Servings_

  Note: _Instead of reducing liquid by boiling, it may be saved for
  soups, sauces, gravies or vegetable cocktails. Do NOT throw it away as
  it contains valuable nutrients._


_BROILED CORN_

  1 No. 2 can Whole Kernel Corn
  ½ teaspoon Salt
  Dash of Pepper
  ½ cup Chili Sauce
  1 slice Bacon

Drain corn; place in bottom of greased shallow baking dish; add ¼ cup
corn liquor, salt and pepper. Spread chili sauce over top. Cut bacon
into ¼-inch pieces and garnish. Place in a moderate broiler 375°F for 15
to 20 minutes until bacon is crisp.
                                                            _6 Servings_


_CARROT AND RICE CROQUETTES_

  1 No. 2 can diced Carrots
  ⅔ cup uncooked or 2 cups cooked Rice
  1 tablespoon Butter or Margarine
  2 tablespoons Flour
  ¼ teaspoon Curry Powder
  1 teaspoon Salt
  Dash of White Pepper
  1 teaspoon chopped Onion
  ⅔ cup Milk
  1 Egg
  ⅔ to 1 cup fine Bread Crumbs

Drain carrots, reserving liquor for soup. Cook rice in boiling salted
water until tender; drain and rinse with cold water. Mash carrots and
mix with rice. Melt butter or margarine in a saucepan; add flour, curry
powder, salt, pepper and onion; blend thoroughly; slowly add milk.
Continue cooking, stirring constantly until thick. Mix sauce thoroughly
into carrot mixture. Chill for at least 20 minutes. Shape mixture for
croquettes, using 1 heaping tablespoon for each. Beat egg slightly; add
two tablespoons water. Dip croquettes into bread crumbs, then into egg
and again into crumbs. Chill until ready to fry. Fry in small amount of
hot fat in skillet until nicely browned. Serve with white parsley sauce.
                                              _10 Croquettes—5 Servings_


_CREOLE HAMBURGER AND BEAN PIE_

  1 tablespoon Fat
  4 tablespoons minced Onions
  1 tablespoon chopped Green Pepper
  ½ lb. ground Beef
  ½ (6-oz.) can or 6 tablespoons Tomato Paste
  ½ No. 2½ can or 1¾ cups Tomatoes
  ½ No. 2 can or 1¼ cups String Beans
  ½ teaspoon Salt
  ¼ teaspoon Garlic Powder or a Garlic Clove
  Dash of Thyme
  Dash of Celery Seed
  Dash of Pepper
  ½ Recipe for Drop Biscuits

Melt fat in saucepan; sauté onions, pepper and meat. Add tomato paste,
tomatoes and ¼ cup bean liquor. Add salt, garlic powder or garlic clove,
thyme, celery seed and pepper; simmer for 20 minutes. Remove garlic
clove; add drained beans; pour into 1½-quart casserole dish. Make
biscuit dough; drop by large spoonfuls over top of mixture. Bake in a
hot oven 425°F for about 20 minutes until biscuits are done. One 4-oz.
can of sliced mushrooms may be drained and added to this recipe, if
desired.
                                                            _6 Servings_


_ASPARAGUS CROQUETTES_

  1 No. 2 can Asparagus Tips (or No. 1 square can)
  2 tablespoons Water
  Dash of Salt
  Dash of Pepper
  Dash of Celery Salt
  1 Egg
  ⅔ cup dry fine Bread Crumbs
  3 tablespoons Fat

Drain asparagus, reserving liquor for soup. Add water, salt, pepper and
celery salt to egg; beat slightly. Roll asparagus in bread crumbs; dip
into beaten egg; re-roll in bread crumbs. Sauté breaded asparagus in a
skillet of hot fat until golden brown, turning occasionally. Serve with
a cheese sauce or chili sauce.
                                                       _4 to 5 Servings_


_CHEESE SAUCE_

  1½ tablespoons Butter or Margarine
  1½ tablespoons Flour
  ½ teaspoon Salt
  Dash of Pepper
  1½ cups Milk
  ¾ to 1 cup grated Cheddar Cheese

Melt butter or margarine in a saucepan. Add flour, salt and pepper;
blend thoroughly. Add milk slowly. Continue cooking, stirring constantly
until sauce has thickened. Sprinkle cheese in slowly, stirring
constantly until melted and well blended.
                                        _Approximately 1¾ cups of Sauce_

    [Illustration: Bean stew]


_BEAN STEW_

  1 No. 2 can Kidney Beans or Soya Beans
  1 cup chopped Celery
  1½ cups canned Tomatoes
  ¼ cup chopped Green Pepper
  1 tablespoon minced Onion
  1 teaspoon Salt
  Dash of Dry Mustard
  ½ teaspoon Worcestershire Sauce
  ⅛ teaspoon Thyme

Drain beans, reserving liquor. Add enough water to liquor to make a cup.
Pour into saucepan. Add celery, tomatoes, green pepper, onion, salt,
mustard, Worcestershire sauce and thyme to liquor. Simmer in a covered
saucepan for 20 minutes, until celery and green peppers are tender. Add
kidney beans and reheat. Thicken if desired, by adding ½ teaspoon of
flour dissolved in 2 tablespoons of cold water and simmer for 5 minutes
longer. Serve with cooked rice or macaroni and a green salad.
                                                            _5 Servings_


_SWEET POTATO SCONES_

  1⅔ cups sifted Enriched White Flour
  4 teaspoons Baking Powder
  ½ teaspoon Salt
  1 tablespoon Brown Sugar
  ¼ cup Shortening
  ½ No. 2½ can (1¾ cups) solid packed Sweet Potatoes
  1 Egg, beaten
  ¼ cup Milk
  2 teaspoons Orange Rind

Sift together flour, baking powder, salt and brown sugar. Add mashed
sweet potatoes, mix well. Cut in shortening with pastry blender or two
knives until consistency of coarse cornmeal. Add beaten egg, milk and
orange rind; stir quickly until well mixed. Turn on lightly floured
board and knead lightly. Press or roll until 1 inch thick; cut in
diamond shapes. Place on a greased cookie sheet. Bake in a hot oven
425°F for 20 minutes. Serve with salad, creamed chicken or ham.
                                                             _10 Scones_


_BAKED SPINACH AND CORN_

  1 No. 2½ can Spinach, drained
  1 teaspoon Vinegar
  1 tablespoon Butter or Margarine
  1 tablespoon minced Onion
  1 No. 2 can Cream Style Corn
  ½ teaspoon Salt
  Dash of Pepper
  1 slice partially cooked Bacon

Place drained spinach in greased baking dish. Sprinkle vinegar over
spinach. Melt butter or margarine in a saucepan; sauté onions; add corn,
salt, and pepper; stir well; pour over spinach. Place bacon on top;
brown in a hot oven 425°F for 25 minutes.
                                                            _6 Servings_


_SPINACH_

  1 No. 2½ can Spinach
  ¾ teaspoon Dry Mustard
  1 teaspoon Sugar
  ½ teaspoon Salt
  1 tablespoon Butter or Margarine
  1 tablespoon Vinegar
  1 hard-cooked Egg

Drain spinach, chop slightly. Add mustard, sugar, salt, butter or
margarine and vinegar to liquor; boil rapidly in a saucepan to about ¼
cup. Add spinach; heat thoroughly. Garnish with chopped or sliced egg.
                                                            _6 Servings_


_PORK CHOPS CREOLE_

  4 Loin Pork Chops
  3 tablespoons Flour
  1 teaspoon Salt
  ¼ teaspoon Pepper
  ¼ teaspoon Garlic Salt
  ¼ teaspoon Thyme
  4 slices Onion
  ½ cup uncooked Rice
  1 No. 2 can Tomatoes

Dredge pork chops in flour seasoned with one half of the salt, pepper,
garlic salt and thyme. Brown chops in a little fat. Place chops in
bottom of casserole dish; top with slices of onion and rice. Season
tomatoes with remaining salt, pepper, garlic salt and thyme. Pour
tomatoes over rice and chops. Bake, covered, in a moderate oven 350°F
for one-half hour. Remove cover and continue to bake another half hour,
basting occasionally.
                                                            _4 Servings_


_JULIENNE BEETS WITH HORSERADISH SAUCE_

  1 No. 2 can Julienne Beets
  1 tablespoon Vinegar
  1 tablespoon Butter or Margarine
  ¼ teaspoon Salt
  2 tablespoons Flour
  1 cup Evaporated Milk
  2 tablespoons prepared Horseradish

Drain beets, reserving liquor; add vinegar and water to liquor to make 1
cup. Melt butter or margarine in a saucepan; add salt and flour; blend
thoroughly. Add evaporated milk; then add beet liquor slowly. Continue
to cook, stirring constantly until sauce thickens. Add horseradish and
beets. Heat thoroughly, stirring occasionally.
                                                       _5 to 6 Servings_


_ASPARAGUS LUNCHEON ROLLS_

  1 No. 2 can Asparagus Tips (or No. 1 square can)
  8 to 10 thin slices Enriched White Bread
  ⅓ cup Butter or Margarine
  ⅓ cup grated American Cheese

Drain asparagus, reserving liquor for soup or vegetable cocktail. Remove
crusts from bread; brush both sides with melted butter or margarine.
Roll slices of bread tightly around 2 to 3 spears of asparagus, starting
at one corner and rolling diagonally. Fasten ends with toothpicks. Place
on greased baking sheet; sprinkle with cheese. Bake in a hot oven 450°F
for 10 minutes until toast is browned. Serve as a hot sandwich with
salad.
                                                       _4 to 5 Servings_

    [Illustration: Fruit dessert rolls]


_FRUIT DESSERT ROLLS_

  1 No. 1 Tall can Fruit Cocktail
  ⅓ cup Sugar
  1 cup sifted All-Purpose Flour
  2 teaspoons Baking Powder
  ½ teaspoon Salt
  3 tablespoons Shortening
  ¼ cup Milk
  ½ tablespoon Butter or Margarine
  2 tablespoons Brown Sugar
  ½ teaspoon Cinnamon
  ¼ teaspoon Nutmeg
  2 teaspoons Lemon Juice
  ½ teaspoon Lemon Rind

Drain fruit; add water to juice to make 1 cup. Pour sugar and juice into
a saucepan; boil for 10 minutes. Sift flour, baking powder and salt into
a mixing bowl; cut in shortening. Gradually add milk until flour sticks
together but is rather dry. Roll biscuit dough into a narrow oblong
piece about ¼-inch thick. Spread fruit over dough; dot with butter or
margarine. Mix together brown sugar, cinnamon and nutmeg; sprinkle over
fruit; then sprinkle with lemon juice and lemon rind. Roll as for jelly
roll. Cut into 1½-inch slices. Place rolls into a greased oblong baking
dish. Pour in hot syrup. Bake immediately in a hot oven 450°F for 25
minutes. Serve plain, with cream or with hard sauce.
                                                            _6 Servings_


_SPICED FRUITS_

  1 No. 2½ can Fruit Cocktail
  ¼ teaspoon Dry Mustard
  ⅛ teaspoon Ground Cloves
  ⅛ teaspoon Cinnamon
  1 tablespoon Lemon Juice or Vinegar

Drain fruit juice into saucepan; add spices and lemon juice or vinegar.
Boil juice until reduced to about ½ the amount. Add fruits; heat
thoroughly. Serve hot or cold as a relish with meats or chicken.
                                                          _Makes 3 cups_


_GOLDEN FRUIT PUNCH_

  3 tablespoons Tea
  1 quart Boiling Water
  3 cups Sugar
  5½-oz. can Lemon Juice
  1 No. 2 can Orange Juice
  1 No. 2 can Grapefruit Juice
  1 No. 2 can Pineapple Juice
  5 quarts of coarsely crushed Ice

Pour boiling water over tea; allow it to steep for 3 minutes. Strain and
dissolve sugar in tea; cool. Add chilled lemon, orange, grapefruit,
pineapple juices. Add coarsely crushed ice. Garnish with mint, pineapple
sticks and cherries; or curls of lemon and orange rind; or with orange,
banana, strawberry slices.
                 _Approximately 30 (6-oz.) servings—45 (½ cup) servings_


_CRANBERRY AND RAISIN PIE_

  ½ cup Seedless Raisins
  1 cup Boiling Water
  2 tablespoons Sugar
  1 tablespoon Cornstarch
  1 tablespoon Lemon Juice
  1 No. 300 can Whole Cranberry Sauce
  1 8-inch unbaked Pastry Shell

Cook raisins in boiling water for 10 to 15 minutes. Drain and add water
to raisin liquor to make 1 cup. Mix sugar and cornstarch together in a
saucepan. Slowly add liquor; cook 10 to 15 minutes, stirring constantly
until clear and thick. Add lemon juice, raisins and cranberry sauce;
blend thoroughly. Pour mixture into pastry shell; place strips of pastry
over top, lattice fashion. Bake in a hot oven 425°F for 40 minutes.
                                                            _6 Servings_


_FRUIT CUSTARD_

  1 No. 2½ can Sliced Peaches or Apricot Halves
  2 cups Milk
  ¼ teaspoon Salt
  3 Eggs, separated
  ¼ cup Sugar
  1 tablespoon Flour
  6 tablespoons Sugar
  ½ teaspoon Vanilla

Chill fruit. Scald milk and salt in top of double boiler. Beat yolks
until light and creamy. Add ¼ cup sugar and flour. Stir some hot milk
into egg mixture. Stir mixture into remaining milk in double boiler;
continue stirring over hot water until custard thickens and coats spoon.
Remove; add vanilla and chill. Drain fruit; place in serving dish. To
make meringue beat egg whites until stiff; then gradually beat in sugar.
Drop by heaping tablespoons into a skillet of hot water for 3 to 4
minutes. Remove carefully with slotted spoon and drain well; place over
fruit. Pour in chilled custard. Garnishes of slivered almonds or
chocolate bar may be used if desired.
                                                            _6 Servings_


_SOFT CUSTARD SAUCE (For use on Pumpkin Whip)_ ⇒

  2 Egg Yolks, slightly beaten
  2 tablespoons Sugar
  ½ teaspoon Salt
  1 cup Milk, scalded
  ¼ teaspoon Vanilla

Combine egg yolks, sugar and salt in top of double boiler. Slowly add
milk and stir until sugar is dissolved. Cook over hot water, stirring
constantly, until custard coats spoon; remove from heat; cool quickly by
setting pan in cold water. Add vanilla.
                                           _Approximately 1¼ cups Sauce_

    [Illustration: Pumpkin whip]


_PUMPKIN WHIP_

  1 cup canned Pumpkin
  ½ teaspoon Salt
  ¼ teaspoon Nutmeg
  ¼ teaspoon Cinnamon
  2 Egg Whites
  ¼ cup Sugar

Mix pumpkin thoroughly with ¼ teaspoon salt, nutmeg and cinnamon. Beat
egg whites and ¼ teaspoon of salt until stiff; gradually add sugar,
beating thoroughly after each addition. Fold in spiced pumpkin. Chill
thoroughly. Serve in sherbet glasses with chilled Soft Custard Sauce.
Lady fingers or sponge cake and candied fruits are desirable garnishes.
                                                            _4 Servings_

    [Illustration: CANCO tested]

                        _Home Economics Section_
                          American Can Company
                  230 PARK AVENUE, NEW YORK 17, N. Y.

                                          D11-925 B.P.—Printed in U.S.A.




                          Transcriber’s Notes


—Silently corrected a few typos.

—Sorted the Table of Contents to match the order of recipes in the text.

—Retained publication information from the printed edition: this eBook
  is public-domain in the country of publication.

—In the text versions only, text in italics is delimited by
  _underscores_.







End of the Project Gutenberg EBook of Kitchen Tested Recipes from Canned
Foods, by Anonymous

